[docs] Link to CDC explore page for more details & limitations (#17100)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/architecture/docdb-replication/change-data-capture.md

#### No gaps in change stream

When you have received a change for a row for timestamp `t`, you will not receive a previously unseen change for that row from an earlier timestamp. This guarantees that receiving any change implies that all earlier changes have been received for a row.

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> Please check the [reference page](../../../explore/change-data-capture/) for more details & limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [reference page](../../../explore/change-data-capture/) for more details & limitations.
```
